Omar Ismail, Stephen Palagi, Alyssa Seifert, Josh Tranfaglia

1). Why does the described automated testing infrastructure not
    catch the defect?
        The automated testing infrastructure, as described in the
        background, only sends an email to the developers if the
        command "ant clean test" returns with an exit code besides
        0. However, a test failing does not result in an error.
        Thus, their reportBug program would only email them if
        there was a problem keeping the repository from compiling,
        not if a test has failed. The bug introduced does not stop
        the program from compiling, just resulting in failed
        tests, which are not picked up by reportBug

2). How could the developers improve the build file or the testing
    infrastructure to notice test failures in the future?
        The developers could simply edit their build file by
        setting the "haltonfailure" flag to true in their junit
        execution options. THis would cause the build process to
        quit abnormally if a test fails, thus triggering the
        reportBug program to send the email in the event that
        there is an issue with compilation or a test fails, as it
        should have originally.

3). How many commits exist between version v1.0.0 and the HEAD
    revision?
        There have been 21 commits between the HEAD and v1.0.0 revisions.

4). Which commit introduced the defect?
        Commit b8010069dc322727ebc6af2024cf3d92a3c7cbfa introduced
        the defect. 

5). After how many steps did you identify the defect-inducing
    commit?
        It took 5 steps to find the defect, starting from the more superfluous, small code changes in Controller.java, ModeView.java, Model.java, and ResetCtrl.java before finding the defect in BasicStats.java, the first change in that document.

6). (Optional) Can you give a command (<cmd>) such that the
    following calls of git bisect automatically determine the
    defective commit:
        git bisect start HEAD v1.0.0
        git bisect run <cmd>